# Personnal knowledge 
A personnal website that will hold all my knowledge about everything.

## Features
- Landing page with a big searchbox that will search through all the content of the website (very powerful and center of attention).
- Once a search is made, the results are displayed in a way that is really easy to navigate and understand.
- Can click on the each result to go to the page of the topic.
- Each knowledge fragment is composed of:
  - An ID
  - A title
  - Content
  - A type
  - A list of tags
- A knownledge fragment can be of type:
  - Text
  - Youtube video
  - Website
  - Code
  - Song
- The knownledge fragment can be navigated to directly since it has an ID.
- The website must be gorgeous and be in dark theme.
- Since every knownledge fragment has tags, it can be filtered by tags.
- It is possible to search by tags and keywords.
- When search is a tag, it will show all the knowledge fragments that have this tag.
- New knowledge fragments can be added via a really simple and elegant form that can be access anywhere (must be fast to do and painless).
- Knownledge fragments can be edited/delete inside the specific page must be painless and elegant.
- The website needs to be really fast to load and interact with.
- Chose a good looking color scheme but it must be dark (My favorite colors are green or blue).
- The ui must be minimalistic and elegant.
- The website must be responsive.
- The website must be mobile friendly.
- If it is feasible we could add a graph that connects each knownledge fragments to tags.
- Tags can be multiple words such as "machine learning",  "physical activities", etc
- The data will be fetched from a REST api but for now it can be hardcoded in a json file

# Changes
- when typing something that is close to a tag suggest to tab complete and add tag if the user autocompletes
- remove the p under the h1
- reduce the empty space in the section at the top
- find a better way to represent the search result because if there are a lot it is difficult to find which one I want. Although the current implementation is beautiful (tags, knownledge type with icon)
- for website I would like a way to optionnaly add some html/md (probably not the whole site but it could be a summary generated by an llm of the website content)
- support md rendering in the knownledge
- support syntax highlighting for code
- add ability to click on tags to search by them